---
layout: post
title:  "Week 50"
date:   2019-12-14 09:00:00 +0530
categories: [journey]
image : assets/images/weeklypost.jpg
---

Almost coming to an end of Prototype week.  In parallel I have also started thinking about Portfolio website.  Portfolio website is a sweet spot of who I am as an individual and assuring clients that I am the right person to the job.

Who I am is self-expression.   I studied websites of UXDesigners and some of them were so awesome that I felt like I just read a story.  How to tell my story is something that I need to ponder on and come up with a simplistic idea to convey that.

Giving people assurance that I am the right person to do the job is the challenge.  I may flash my skills but what matters most to the customer is: Is he the guy who will make us successful?  Has he done that in past?

This can come from Portfolio that speaks and client testimonials.  At this point, I only have testimonials from my old skills which may or may not be relevant.  It depends on who the person is.  As a believer that Skills can be learnt but it doesn't mean everyone will buy that.  The conversation I can have is that whatever skills that are missing is that I can cover at my own expense. 

Here is the perspective of client who will look into my profile to hire me.

1. ​	Is he the right person to do the job?
2. ​	Who is he?  
3. ​	Why is he doing this?  
4. ​	Any testimonials or references?  
5. ​	Show me the work done.  
6. ​	Does he has the right skills and work done to support that?  
7. ​	What else apart from core skills, communication skills, writing etc?
8.    Portfolio -  Elaborating about process followed.

There are a lot of other things, e.g.: Is he fun to work with, can he go the extra mile?   These could be difficult to convey because they are experienced and saying about it wont help much.

Let's analyse who can be my target customer and what goals they might have:

1. Creating a product or solution.

2. Add features to an existing product

3. Modifications in an existing product.

   

   Building a portfolio website is a daunting task and I believe approach matters, because these are the stepping stones for years to come by.

   Let's analyse who can be my target customer and what goals they might have:

   Here are my next steps for weeks to come by:

1. Create journey maps for portfolio website
2. Develop a high fidelity prototype - This is to get tools exposure.  I think this is necessary and I didn't capture it initially as part of my plan.  Most likely I am going to use Figma.